README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

README for Veggis e-commerce backend
Updated README to reflect project details and features.

README.md, after:

# 🥦 Veggis - E-Commerce Backend

This is the backend for **Veggis**, a full-stack e-commerce project I'm building with Next.js and MongoDB. My main focus here was setting up a clean administrative workflow and making sure the data handling for products and orders is solid.

---

## Current Features

###  Admin & Moderator System
I wanted a secure way to bring moderators onto the platform without just giving out passwords. 
* **Invitation Logic:** Admins can invite moderators. I'm using **Resend** to send out the invite emails.
* **Token Verification:** Built a 6-digit token system. Once a moderator is invited, they have a set time to verify their account and set a password.
* **Security:** Using **Bcrypt** for password hashing. Once a password is set, the invitation token is cleared from the database for security.

###  E-Commerce Logic
* **Product & Checkout Schemas:** Designed the Mongoose models to handle everything from product details to the final checkout process.
* **Image Management:** Instead of storing images on my own server, I hooked up **ImageKit** to handle uploads and serve images fast via their CDN.
* **Validation:** I'm using **Zod** throughout the project to validate API requests and keep the data clean.

---

## Tech Stack
* **Framework:** Next.js 15 (App Router)
* **Database:** MongoDB with Mongoose
* **Email:** Resend
* **Images:** ImageKit
* **Validation:** Zod



---

##  Feedback
Feedback and code reviews are welcome! Feel free to explore the logic and open an issue if you have suggestions.
